negative excerpts from the internets most honest board (and barotraumas birthplace). generally the consensus is that the game is good but needs improvement (duh). time to base mod features off this!

THREAD FROM JUNE 13 (carrier update)

Has potential but it's seriously lacking in content. I got a copy with humble bundle and after 16 hours I feel like I've done everything. For fucks sake the games been in development for how long now and we only have 5 jobs? Assistants and subjobs are pointless and the jobs we currently don't have much depth. Everything can be done with a single button press without much effort or there's an option to let the AI handle it. Griefing is more fun than doing anything else in this game. 

also I’m hoping legacy creatures make it back in, esp carriers. 
Fuckkk that kinda sucks. I like both— the idea of an infested ship ramming into you is really neat.

My only experience with this game was back when it was flavour of the month, but I always found random saboteurs took away from the experience. It's a bit too easy for them to fuck you over, and it usually comes down to "lmao I blew up the reactor again by running it too hot", i.e. not even an interesting situation to deal with 

THREAD FROM APRIL 14 (UI update?)

The core of the Baro community is made from the run-off of the Space Station 13 community.
The devs of the game surround themselves with their favorite dedicated butt-lickers, and then those butt-lickers do things like raid servers of new players who are trying to learn the game.
The game has barely peaked at 1.5k players, and the community is too dumb to welcome new players.
You know sales are bad when the devs release things like a "$5 supporter pack full of made-up lore and music resources from the old game"
But ya for the most part, core Baro players are pedantic assholes.

It's clearly inspired by ss13 but has more than enough to differentiate it. I've just been having an absolute blast with this game. Nothing quite like slowly swapping out all your diving suits oxygen tanks for welding fuel and watching as away crews panic. Or better still, loading a bunch of nuclear shells into the railgun ammo rack without telling anyone and waiting for someone to inevitably accidentally blow off the top of your sub. I just wish they'd add a few more enemy types and fix the stability issues. 

It's alright. It's not the same as SS13 though, it's more focused on the objective and survival. I've yet to complete a mission with random people since we mostly get fucked over by one traitor rewiring a bunch of shit to the point the entire submarine is burning or filled with water.
It's a fun and hard game, it shares some things with SS13 but it's not that rp heavy.

Is the game still barebones in terms of content? I really like the atmosphere but it just didnt compare to SS13 when i last played it. 