super secret ideas list for upcoming things that would be cool?

ITEMS (higher prio than monsters imo)

Lockers that can have their public access toggled on and off by someone with the correct security card.

MONSTERS

iceberg monster - disguises like an iceberg but is actually a large slow monster. ragdoll can be made in such a way that makes it looks functionally identical to an iceberg on sonar, or make it disrupt sonar. optionally, could make it obviously a monster on the sonar but still have it look like an iceberg through guns to discoordinate gunners/captain

coralescent - coral humanoid that drops a coralhead coccoon upon killing a human (try pulling this off with a self-aware affliction? or maybe an isdead attack.) if caccoon is unattended then it will burst into another coralescent. should have lots of dismemberable coral themed armor, and move relatively slow.

artifact husk - husk that carries an artifact around with it, meaning that it carries with it all the problems that arise with artifact handling (psychosis infliction, oxygen drainage, fire ignition). The artifact effects can be "exaggerated" or expanded to make the husk a threat from the outside. alternatively husks could have the aggressive boarding behaviour of mudraptors where they target doors and are able to whack the artifact on the door to slowly break it. idk. found around ruins.

thornfish - blowfish type thing that gives minor morbusine poison. should be relatively weak, maybe one hit. corpse should always have morbusine and most of the time the antidote. basic poison style enemy. the idea here is the importance of not getting hit first.

ruin slower - variant of a ruin guardian that slows all characters down, like a less annoying and lethal version of luecocytes

alien chest mimic - great way to piss people off. maybe use onactive for a controller to delete the initial chest item and spawn a mimic enemy

clownfish - big ugly summonable monster. you already know about this
hornettes - minion name?