Priorities:
As of late apparently thalassophobia has gained like a 4 person following. here are some priorities to functionally replace my pain-in-the-ass trello so you weird people who snoop around in the concept files have something to look forward to(?).

I usually do two of these at a time or else my motivation will get fried if I spend my time doing only one monotonous thing.

>FINISH THE JESTER CLOWN VARIANT, ASSOCIATED ITEMS AND MONSTERS
I find this important as the jester easily has the most near-complete items, so I should at least make one part of the game presentable
}}get around to fixing the mushroom hitboxes
}}subproblems: draw art for the balloon items
}}work on the costumes

>FINISH THE CHEF CLASS, ASSOCIATED ITEMS
Ever since BTE stopped formal development the food niche for barotrauma has been primarily unfilled (in a fully realized way). A chef class would be beneficial in order to make people take food more seriously. 
}}fix food digestion problem resulting from inconsistent MP affliction calculation. try restricting eating using StatusTags on chars who are full...? first find out why food breaks in the first place for non-hosts

>FINISH THE XENOBIOLOGIST CLASSES
This will take a long ass time but these are hopefully the beginning of jobs that can either hugely help the ship or create sub-wide catastrophes.

>*PLAN* and BUILD A DEMO SUB
Build a sub that demos the static items you've made like the full-glass doors, the shuttered vents, sprinkler system, gas vents, blast doors. base it off of box station or something from SS13. Make sure it also has maintainence crawlspaces in between rooms. Use stairs to interconnect things from far away, and use ladders when possible to make small "departments" feel bigger/harder to navigate than they are.

>WORK ON CAMPAIGN
panman's delight. add those big overcrowded slum cities, black sites, nuclear mines, empty outposts, etc etc.
}}the little side job with the campaign initialization screen still needs art. if you are feeling particularly artsy do this.